hey guys what is up it is Sara welcome
to episode three of that creative life
tomorrow I'm getting on a plane from
Nashville to Dallas to see the fan band
for the Christmas season it got me
thinking about finding your home and
wherever that is in traveling and so I
have traveled a lot in the past few
years
Miller with my other videos you know I
have been to Greece and Iceland and I
really think that you should go overseas
at least once in your young adulthood
but that's not necessarily the type of
travel I want to talk about so I live in
Nashville right now I love it so much it
is really where I need to be in this
time of my life I have the most amazing
friends and creative community here and
a lot of opportunities have grown out of
this location I first visited Nashville
just with a friend because she had an
aunt that lived up here
and so kind of just started with a hey
let's do a fun road trip somewhere so we
landed on Tennessee had a blast the
first time and I just kept coming back
and after a year year and a half of
constantly coming up to Nashville
visiting friends it really just kind of
establishing connections here in
collaborating with people creatively
here I said you know it's time to move
here the city just offered a lot
creatively relationship leave
relationship wise relationship Lee is
not a word basically people here are
bombed and you know I really soaked up
what was in Dallas and I loved you know
what I had there but it had definitely
run its course and I was stoked for
something new in life and so I would
have never discovered Nashville if I
didn't just pack up the Hyundai and hit
the road with a friend and do that road
trip point is you do not have to spend
$2,000 $3,000 to travel overseas to have
your big epiphany on what you want to do
in life or where you think you should be
in life like heck yeah maybe your
meant to be in Italy maybe you're meant
to like move to Italy but that is a
little bit more far-fetched but not
impossible then maybe that you belong in
like New York City for a year or LA or
Seattle or Portland and you're never
gonna know about those cool communities
out there unless you just do it and buy
that plane ticket or make that road trip
traveling within your own country is
much more financially possible than you
know traveling elsewhere and the odds of
you moving your entire life crossies is
less likely and so I think there is huge
value in taking this time when you know
you're 16 to 22 24 26 to just travel a
lot within the US and discover new
cities and meet new people and find new
friends and you never know what's gonna
come out of the connections you make you
never know what's gonna come out of
those relationships like I want you to
think about something where you're
living right now where you were born and
raised is not necessarily where you're
meant to be where you're meant to work
where you're meant to flourish you know
relationship wise so I think where you
live has a lot to do with the
opportunities that you can create for
yourself and winter break is now and so
maybe you should just pack up a bag with
your friend and road trip to the
neighboring state you never know what
awaits I'm also super intrigued by the
views of traveling like the UK versus
the United States or like Europe versus
the United States because I think a lot
of people in Europe are encouraged to
travel more maybe just because it's
easier flights are cheaper over there
and so I'm kind of curious as to you
know what are some places that you guys
want to go
and you know if you live in the UK or in
Europe or you encouraged a younger age
to just start traveling I think in the
u.s. we kind of get in this flow of high
school college nine to five kids and
then die in the same place so I'm really
intrigued by that so let me know it down
in the comments below wherever you're
from and on sorry comm I'm posting every
single day on music Mondays I'm posting
a video every single week for that and
also in the coming weeks I am going to
be sharing my photo video workflow on
how I edit pictures and how I edit
videos because I get a lot of questions
from you guys as to what cameras that I
use and it has a lot more to do with the
workflow I feel like as you know it does
the specific camera because you can get
a slammin image on an iPhone these days
but there's a lot of steps in between
shooting it and then actually getting it
on the internet so let me know if you
like this video keep your eyes on stereo
digi comm for more stuff and I will see
you guys in the next video bye and you
have money there are two things that you
can do that are good you can put it away
in a savings account you know spend a
little save a little you will never
regret you know saving money too is
pouring it into a valuable hobby that
you have